02: Check connection 
Hi , Hello , Can you hear me ?

Hello, Good evening. 

U can call me ...

1) Confirmation part 

- Can you confirm that open to relocation ?

    Yes I can absolutely,  I am absolutely willing to relocate Toronto Canada.
    For the good opportunity, I am definitely willing to relocate. this opportunity is Amazon, Toronto, Canada. So I am absolutely willing to relocate Toronto Canada.
    -  


- Where are you currently based ? like which city you are in.

  Currently I'm living in Seoul, South Korea


- Would you relocating yourself or with your family?
  
  Firstly, I'm interested in a long term career. So, I will go there with my family If I get an offer.

  ---- they maybe talk about the visa sponsorship. 

  I understood that this question was related to visa sponsorship. 
  I heard If I got work visa there. that visa able to invite the family members. is it right? if so, firstly might be visa sponsorship need only me. then after i can invite to my family as myself.   
  I think that I have to go first there without my family. you know, Because, I have to prepare to settle down there live with my family. I have relocating experience so I'm saying it. 


2) Experience and current job

- Can you tell me little bit about your current role?,

  I'm a full-stack software engineer at Research and Development team in KorfinHoldings.
  I develop mostly backend system developing and maintaining. My main responsibility is block-chain based exchange system's backend development development and maintaining especially handling the customer's wallet part.



  - How many years of experience do you have?

  I have 10 years of experience as a software engineer.
  and
  I was contributing to software development, also I was leading to some system development and integrations. Those systems were mostly banking and financial payment systems and also airline flight management systems.
  And also I have experience remotely based software engineer for a startup company.
  Finally, I have been living and working abroad for the last two years.



  -And What do you doing currently?

  We have global exchange and local exchange systems. Currently working on exchange system technical improvement. I'm changing our current exchange system's architecture changing to MSA architecture.
  Because our made some contract for China company. China company will share to us that their customer's


  I have to mention about my daily coding experience

- How much time you are spending for coding now ?
  My daily job routine
  Now,


  When I come to work in the morning, I first check my e-mail, respond to e-mails that I think are necessary, and then look at my to-do list for updates or changes.
  1-2 hours spend for meeting with our team or other departments. These days its changed due to corona virus. these days I use online meeting email or chat communication.
  and also 4-5 hours spend work on coding, and the rest of the time I write daily report, also make some tests

- How often , are you also doing system design like are you responsible or contributing system design and architecture of projects

  Now we changing our exchange system architecture. changing to microservice architecture. Currently this exchange system's total customers are around 10000+ (over).
  2 months ago our company made a contract with one of korean cosmetics company. This contract is big cosmetics company sale their products  use by our


  have to mention system name , company, how many end-user's , and was scale of system design

- How did you start system design,

- How did you gather the system requirements

  In my experience case by case different. For example when start a new project then i used to make brainstorming.
  When designing existing project improvement then i gather to customers request's. then after make analysis

- What did you do to ensure that system scalable or that you know it could be use by so many users, what were some of steps you took?



- What were some of the challenge you faced when you trying to scale?

  Six months ago, our company some servers were sometimes suddenly interrupted. Those servers are node servers of block-chain and those servers were managing our customer's crypto wallet data.
  I checked the error logs, and the error message was that system memory was insufficient.
  At the time, we don't have any time for investigating the root cause, so we immediately increased the server resource and restarted it.
  Obviously, it's not an optimal solution and we had to know the root cause.
  Actually, at that time customers usage was not so high, it was a strange cause, so the reason was still not clear me.
  Then after I started investigating the root cause.
  So I searched dive into the block-chain core code and researched some of the block-chain wallet related concepts. Finally, I found the reason, It was
  our used wallet management system not designed for business usage, it's only designed for individuals.

- do you think you would be comfortable to interview for system design questions with system design questions,

  Actually, I think it might be it's depend on preparation. I felt there is no easy question on on-site interview
  I would apply L4 SDE position. not L5 or more.

- What did you do ensure that you were constantly meeting your customers needs or goals  or ensure that was continues improvement, what were some of steps that you took ?